You haven't hurt anyone yet
Give up a horse for the time being and then hurt people
I will promise to fly away
not reincarnation
Little demon obeys
Xiaoyao obeys
Jing'er
Jing'er, are you alright? Jing'er?
Sister, I'm so scared.
Come on.
What about the fox? What about the fox?
This sir
Is the fox demon still alive?
Is he still going to eat people? Don't worry.
He has been subdued by me.
Even the thousand-year-old fox demon can be subdued
I really didn't see the wrong person.
My sister is finally saved
You got it hey
The boy is not afraid to flash his tongue when he talks big
What are you capable of?
That fox demon was collected by my master
Your master didn't come at all
How to conquer the fox demon at auction
Hey, my belt is my personal magic weapon
Be proud with me
Loss for all
Once that belt breaks
My master will definitely help kill the fox demon
kid
If it weren't for my master, would you have lived until now?
If you weren't me
I'm afraid your master won't be able to subdue that fox demon when he comes
Hahahaha
Boy, no matter how hard your mouth is
Not to mention one of my master's finger knives
I'll tell you what.
Don't say I bully you
Three days later
My master opened up heaven and earth in Longevity Mountain
Hold a Tongtian conference
See the Dragon Vein Again
Benefit the Three Realms
Humph
Do you dare to come?
Even the Empress
Failed to connect heaven and earth
Your master wants to cross the three worlds to rebuild the dragon vein
Then I'd like to see if he has the ability.